README.md, before:

# book_app
week 3 level 301

**Author**: Abed alaziz Alsalahat
**Version**: 1.0.0
**Colaboraters**: Nour Eddein

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with GET and POST routes for the book resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->


# Lab 11
*****************************************************************************************************
## 1 Quickly loaded application

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 19:00

## Finish time: 19:40

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:40
*****************************************************************************************************
## 2 Google Books API search

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 19:40

## Finish time: 21:20

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:40
*****************************************************************************************************

## 3 Browse search results

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 21:20

## Finish time: 22:05

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:45
*****************************************************************************************************

## 4 Eerror messages 

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 00:30

## Start time: 22:10

## Finish time: 22:30

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:20
*****************************************************************************************************

## 5 Clean looking UI

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 2:00

## Start time: 22:30

## Finish time: 00:00

## Actual time needed to complete: 1:30
*****************************************************************************************************

## 6 Home page

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 00:30

## Start time: 00:10

## Finish time: 00:25

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:15
*****************************************************************************************************
#### total time: 5:10 hours





# Lab 12
*****************************************************************************************************
## 1 Saved books list

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:30

## Start time: 21:00

## Finish time: 22:30

## Actual time needed to complete: 1:30
*****************************************************************************************************

## 2 Book details

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:30

## Start time: 23:00

## Finish time: 00:00

## Actual time needed to complete: 1:00
*****************************************************************************************************

## 3 Add new books to save search results

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:15

## Start time: 00:00

## Finish time: 00:50

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:50
*****************************************************************************************************

## 4 Consistent designed

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:30

## Start time: 00:50

## Finish time: 02:00

## Actual time needed to complete: 1:10
*****************************************************************************************************

## 5 Clean-looking UI

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 01:00

## Start time: 02:00

## Finish time: 02:30

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:30
*****************************************************************************************************

## 6 Further functionality

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:30

## Start time: 00:00

## Finish time: 00:00

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:00
*****************************************************************************************************
#### total time: 6:00 hours

# Lab 13
*****************************************************************************************************
## Number and name of feature: 

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 

## Start time: 

## Finish time: 

## Actual time needed to complete: 
*****************************************************************************************************


# Lab 14
*****************************************************************************************************
## Number and name of feature: 

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 

## Start time: 

## Finish time: 

## Actual time needed to complete: 
*****************************************************************************************************

Commit message:

the ability to update and delete information

README.md, after:

# book_app
week 3 level 301

**Author**: Abed alaziz Alsalahat
**Version**: 1.0.0
**Colaboraters**: Nour Eddein

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with GET and POST routes for the book resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->


# Lab 11
*****************************************************************************************************
## 1 Quickly loaded application

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 19:00

## Finish time: 19:40

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:40
*****************************************************************************************************
## 2 Google Books API search

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 19:40

## Finish time: 21:20

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:40
*****************************************************************************************************

## 3 Browse search results

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 21:20

## Finish time: 22:05

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:45
*****************************************************************************************************

## 4 Eerror messages 

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 00:30

## Start time: 22:10

## Finish time: 22:30

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:20
*****************************************************************************************************

## 5 Clean looking UI

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 2:00

## Start time: 22:30

## Finish time: 00:00

## Actual time needed to complete: 1:30
*****************************************************************************************************

## 6 Home page

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 00:30

## Start time: 00:10

## Finish time: 00:25

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:15
*****************************************************************************************************
#### total time: 5:10 hours





# Lab 12
*****************************************************************************************************
## 1 Saved books list

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:30

## Start time: 21:00

## Finish time: 22:30

## Actual time needed to complete: 1:30
*****************************************************************************************************

## 2 Book details

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:30

## Start time: 23:00

## Finish time: 00:00

## Actual time needed to complete: 1:00
*****************************************************************************************************

## 3 Add new books to save search results

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:15

## Start time: 00:00

## Finish time: 00:50

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:50
*****************************************************************************************************

## 4 Consistent designed

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:30

## Start time: 00:50

## Finish time: 02:00

## Actual time needed to complete: 1:10
*****************************************************************************************************

## 5 Clean-looking UI

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 01:00

## Start time: 02:00

## Finish time: 02:30

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:30
*****************************************************************************************************

## 6 Further functionality

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:30

## Start time: 00:00

## Finish time: 00:00

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:00
*****************************************************************************************************
#### total time: 6:00 hours

# Lab 13
*****************************************************************************************************
## 1 Update book info

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 02:35

## Finish time: 03:20

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:45
*****************************************************************************************************
## 2 Delete book from list

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 03:20

## Finish time: 04:10

## Actual time needed to complete: 00:30
*****************************************************************************************************
#### total time: 1:15 hours


# Lab 14
*****************************************************************************************************
## 1 Normalizing database 

## Estimate of time needed to complete: 1:00

## Start time: 

## Finish time: 

## Actual time needed to complete: 
*****************************************************************************************************
